In this scenario, you're helping Jilin and Royce set
their identification and authentication rules under Windows 10 PC.
Once you log into the virtual Windows 10 system assigned to you,
you can set the password policy on the computer by using the local security policy.
To do this, go to the Windows start bar,
click inside of it,
and you just begin typing what you want to do.
In this case setting a local security policy.
What's nice, it automatically pops up as the app you want and you click on it.
A window then appears with the local security policy.
This is all of the different configuration settings for security on Windows.
This works for both local systems as well as group systems across a whole domain.
Note though you need Windows 10 professional or enterprise in order for this to work,
doesn't work with Windows Home.
Within the local security policy look at the different security settings.
For this exercise, we're looking at the account policies to see then,
you click on the little carat next to it.
In particular we want to address
the password policies and then also the account lockout policies.
First the password policies, for example,
let's say we want to set the maximum password age.
This is the number of days before someone needs to change their password.
The default in Windows is 42.
Let's just say we want it to be 90 days for Joel and Royce.
So you click 90, you can click "Apply" or "Okay",
and it'll automatically set it.
You can also set the minimum password length similarly.
Say we want it to be 10 characters.
Now for any of these settings,
if you have a question,
you can click on the "Explain" tab.
This will show you a description of this particular setting.
Really comes in handy when you need help about how a setting works.
We'll keep this at 10 characters and there you go.
You can see we are changing the password policy.
Similarly with the account lockout policy,
where we can change the number of invalid login attempts.
Let's just say five mis typed passwords and they will be locked out.
In Windows it'll automatically set a lockout duration,
and how soon to reset the 30 minutes, really easy.
This is how you use the local security policy,
account policies to change security settings within a Windows 10 system.